# jc11452.github.io

Project Name: 30MFF website

Project Description: 
Assignment#1: 30MFF website serves as a container for me and Naijah’s stop-motion video featuring airpod-case: Toast. I wanted the overall website to have a cartoony, video-game(esque) feel to it and so wanted to incorporate lots of illustrations to the website. Furthermore I also wanted to create an inviting and blatantly fictional atmosphere and essentially wanted to strive to create an experience that is both enjoyable but also equally easy to navigate between different components of the website. 

Process: 
I first created an Adobe XD wireframe to function as a template for my final design of the website. I had already planned to use illustrations as a way of storytelling so I made sure my wireframe accommodated this. I planned to use illustrations for various things: video link, general background design and actors page and of course drawing all these would take some time, so I first created my basic html code, outlining the different sections of the website. The work of illustrating happened throughout html, css code implementation. Once I got to css, I started including class and id attributes to certain html elements to better target them. CSS took the longest to complete but it was an enjoyable process as I could see firsthand how my website was coming together. During this time, I realized that there was a lot that you could do with css instead of  javascript. I always finished the html and css of one section before moving onto the other so I could gain a clear overview of the design of the website. If I felt that a particular design choice was not cohesive with the section prior to that, I would brainstorm other ways to portray certain elements. There were some elements of the website that would’ve worked better with javascript but again, with the time constraints, it was just not possible. Since I had no knowledge of js coding, I decided to limit its use to one element only which happened to be the navigation button links. Essentially the whole process was a nightmare and javascript happened to be the bane of my existence. I went through all possible websites and video tutorials for what I needed but nothing and no one could help fix the problem I was having. I was seeking help from other computer science majors, I went to the UNIX lab but no-one was able to solve the problem. I eventually ran out of time and so was not able to add a javascript component, even though the code is written in the html file... 

Reflection/ Evaluation: 
It was by far a very time-consuming, ambitious project but overall, I am quite pleased with the end-result. Code implementation was a whirlwind of anxiety and frustration but at the same time it was equally gratifying since I was able to gain somewhat of a clearer understanding of how css and html operate, although javascript not at all… I would like to continue expanding my knowledge on these 3 web coding languages since the only fallback I really experienced was the fact that my ideas were too difficult to translate, under strict time constraints, with my very limited knowledge of coding. I tried as much as I could to maintain my original ideas but carry them out in a more simplified manner. For example, for the “contributors” page, I initially wanted to create a div element that had horizontal scrolling. The colors would change upon scrolling using javascript but for the life of me I could not get this to work so I had to compromise by settling with vertical scrolling and color changing animations using css. I also didn’t want to overcomplicate the website by using multiple color palettes so I generally stuck with 2 colors which I thought worked really well. And to further boost the aesthetics of the overall website and solidify the web concept, I used illustrations synonymous to the vibe of the main character. Since, it’s quite evident I have yet to master the 3rd web dev language as there has been limited interactivity using javascript, I would like to, although a bit ambitious, master this component (in preparation for)/ in my next assignment. 
